Pirate Brothers and Sisters, 

On July 25th, 2012, one of our beloved playgrounds of free information, Demonoid, was taken down by 
the Ukranian government, Interpol, and supporters of copyright law and intellectual property.

Demonoid now belongs to the ages, following the previous casualties in the war against copyright and
the unmitigated greed that stands behind it. Our fight, however, goes on.

And of course, our flagship in the fight against copywrongs everywhere, the Pirate Bay, still waves 
its flag proudly in defiance of corporate assholes. All hope is not yet lost.

If we are to surive the onslaught against our freedom to share, and the powerful forces who woukd like 
nothing better than to turn back the clock on the information revolution, we must all contribute to the
cause.

How can we contribute?

-Seed the torrents that you download! We all know that sharing is caring. And more importantly, by seeding
to a ratio of at least 1.0, you have given back all you have taken, and give a big middle finger to the
fascists who want sites like the Pirate Bay to be taken down. Remember, they don't want you to seed torrents,
because eacd seed is a proud Pirate fighting the good fight against them. They have the money,
but we have the numbers, and our cause is righteous.

-Upload torrents of your own! Seeding is only the first step, and that's just maintaining the status quo.
Uploading your own torrents, however, goes beyond the status quo and takes the fight onto the offenseive.
Each torrent we upload is a cannoball straight into the black heart of the fascist machine, and it hurts them
where it counts - their wallets. When a Pirate uploads a torrent, they make the whole Pirate community 
stronger, and our enemies grow weaker.

-Vote! Most of us live in democracies, where we really do have the power to take policy into our own hands.
Get informed, learn who is a friend, and who is a foe, and vote our foes the fuck out of office! The movement
against SOPA/PIPA acts in January 2012 proved that our elected leaders still have to answer to us. Let us make 
sure they never forget they are working for us, not the corporations.

The future lies within our reach. We only have to reach out and take it.

Thank you, my fellow Pirates, and remember... "If Sulla did it, why can't I?"

Yours truly,
sulla_felix